[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
We've often spoken
about past life therapy and
making sense of our present
from our past.
Less common is
progression therapy,
where we move into the
future, but the now
is what gives us direction
as to where we're headed,
what we're creating.
Gaia Chinniah is
here with us today
to talk about how
we identify where
we are in our personal
soul blueprint
so we know where
we might be going.
Gaia, it's wonderful to
have you with us today.
And you have come here
literally on a very short trip
from New Zealand.
>>GAIA CHINNIAH: I have
come from New Zealand.
Yeah, it's great to
be here in Boulder.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it's a
little-- what's going on there.
It's summer down
there right now.
Are we getting into the fall?
>>CHINNIAH: We're getting
into the cooler months.
Yeah, we're getting
>>REGINA: Yeah, it's
great having you here.
I know you've been
here once before.
And so what I'd like to
do is allow the audience
to become familiar
with you by talking
about the way in which you
access, for your clients,
the present and the
future and how you start
seeing these concepts
of time emerging
into the blueprint of what
they're trying to do right
now because I'm assuming
you're able to start
seeing where the blockages are.
And it could have
been far in the past.
But is it ever in the future?
>>CHINNIAH: This is a really
interesting thing for us
to discuss.
So when I'm about to
work with the client,
spirit will open up a
couple of portals for me.
And the portals are,
portal number one,
an invitation of spirit
guides, ancestors,
and past life connections that
the client has around them.
The second portal is I travel
up through my crown chakra
into the universe, into
different realms in which
past lives are still occurring.
And when I access these, I
start talking about things
that are very relevant.
And I don't know this because
I haven't allowed the client
to speak to me yet.
But I'll start
accessing things that
are really relevant for
the client right now.
So, for example, I had a client.
And before I even
started the session,
my eyes started to
involuntarily move.
And I began to see
things around me.
So I started to feel that
person and be able to see them
for who they are.
And I started to see sacred
geometry come up around me.
And I was thinking, this
is an interesting thing.
I wonder who this client is.
So I access through
my crown chakra
portal, a lifetime of this
lovely woman in front of me.
And she was in a room
with sacred geometry.
And she turns around
in that lifetime
and says to me, tell her
that she drew all of this.
So I tell the client, I
said, we're in a room,
and you drew all of the
sacred geometry on these walls
and you know how to read them.
And a male spirit
guide of yours is here
saying that you know about this.
So I say this to her.
And she looks at me, and she
says, 25 years ago, Gaia,
I had a dream.
And a male spirit guide told
me that one day, someone
would tell you how to
activate the sacred geometry.
And she said, you are
explaining to me now.
And I said to her, so
when do you turn 65?
And she said, next month.
And I said, that's when
your activation begins.
So you need to see me before 64.
So it was very relevant for her.
She was at a time
in her life where
I've done a lot of the
work on the human journey,
and now I want to step
into my spiritual gifts.
And there are so many people
like this at the moment, Regina,
that are having these awakenings
but don't quite understand how
to move through these portals.
>>REGINA: That's an
interesting question.
So how did you get
her to activate it?
>>CHINNIAH: Because as a healer,
my spirit guides work through me
to activate it for
them, but she has
to be willing to
receive that gift.
So I can feel, as I was working
on her body at the same time--
and this is all virtually
done because she
was in another country.
She could feel the
opening within her heart
and her third eye.
And that's the transmissions
that we're having at the moment,
is to be able to
see from our hearts.
And she could see the meaning
of this lifetime from before.
And spirit had given
me specific information
about who she needs
to be talking now
to further activate that.
So this is the progression
part of the work that I do.
You're given
relevant information.
I transmute what isn't
necessary anymore
but empower you to be able to
walk through your life knowing
that you have a gift that spirit
wants you to use in this life.
And now is your time,
regardless of how old you are,
because there is no time.
The soul is eternal as we know.
And we're all beginning to
make the shift into the soul
perspective rather than the
density of the human experience.
>>REGINA: So did it
turn out that that is
what she had done in her past?
She had worked with geometry
in the past as a healer?
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
So in the past life,
she had done that.
This had been of
interest to her.
And she'd had that
dream 25 years ago.
She just didn't know
what to do with that.
And so as I went on in
the past life story,
not knowing what work
she had done, I said,
I see the spirit guide
of yours saying to me
that after you activate
all the sacred geometry,
you're in charge of
looking after all
the artifacts in your village.
So I said, what have you done
for work in this lifetime?
And she said, I'm a
curator in museums.
So I said, OK.
So I think, Regina,
we actually all have
these innate gifts within us.
It's just at certain
times in our lives
when we're ready
to step into that.
And I feel that time is now.
There's this real urgency where
I'm seeing a lot of people--
and I'm sure your viewers also
are experiencing these ascension
symptoms, but
they're not sure how
to step into that to be able
to activate their gifts.
And that's when we just have to
trust ourselves because I'm not
trained in anything.
I was a corporate girl before
any of this began to make sense.
And it's when that veil
lifted from my eyes
and I could hear
soul speaking to me
when I had this completely
different perspective about what
life is actually for.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
Let's talk about
your own experience.
So you were a corporate girl,
like you say, and then an event
occurred.
The veil lifted over time, and
you started hearing and seeing
other souls.
So let's go into your own past.
So you probably excavated
what you had done in the past
and what you were bringing
forward from another time.
So where did you
bring this from?
>>CHINNIAH: So I went 33 years
thinking that I was somebody,
the society that I came from.
I went to university,
got a master's degree,
started my own
distribution company.
I had a prophecy that I would
say out loud to my partner.
I'd say, something
amazing is going
to happen to me when I turn 33.
And at that time, I was
interested in spirituality,
but it was never something
I'd imagine doing in the way
that I'm doing now or
helping people in the way
that I was helping.
And pieces of the
puzzle have come to me
over many, many years.
I just never put them together.
But now my job is to
put pieces of the puzzle
together so I could
see my own preparation.
And prior to this
lifetime, I have
had lifetimes where I've
been connected to Jesus.
And I grew up in a Hindu family
in this lifetime, Regina,
so Jesus wasn't someone
that I knew very well.
But my numerology is 33.
I had the prophecy of having
something happen to me at 33.
I feel people had
told me in the past
that I carried Christ
consciousness energy.
And so the past lives that
I have been shown through me
and also through other
practitioners who have read me
have put me in this position
of being able to come into this
quite quickly, having a short
33 years being in the 3D,
and then when that veil
lifted, realizing that other
people's souls were
communicating with me,
asking to assist them in finding
their path and their soul
purpose.
We all have it within us.
It's just trusting our ability
to know that we can step forward
and we are being guided
if we allow ourselves to.
And so when I stepped
into that at 33,
I realized that many,
many lifetimes before
had prepared me
for this one, to be
able to get in there so quickly
and identify what the issue is.
And I've noticed that there
are different categories that
might help your viewers
actually in terms of soul levels
that we come into
the world with.
And so when I'm
working with a client,
spirit will often say
to me, tell her or him
that she's a teacher.
Tell her or him that
they're a healer.
they're a karmic balancer.
Tell her or him that they
are a savior or a sacrifice.
are a bearer of light.
And that for me,
there's the opposite
of all of those things too.
But usually, the people
that are coming to me
are wanting to find
where they're sitting.
And I find that those
terms interchangeably
move us through life.
So I've been a healer
in lifetimes before.
I'm a healer in this lifetime.
But I'm moving
into a teacher role
now where people
are coming, wanting
to know how to activate
their gifts, what they are,
so we can step into that power.
>>REGINA: And are most
people comfortable
with that when you
tell them, if it's not
what they're up to right now,
you're actually a teacher?
Are they happy to
hear this, or is it
disconcerting to find
that maybe they're
not quite on the path their
soul intended just yet?
>>CHINNIAH: Usually,
people will have
some knowing that this is what
they're meant to be moving into.
A lot of people are shocked when
spirit gives them that message.
They're like, me?
Why me?
What am I meant to-- who am I?
Imposter syndrome
is a huge thing.
Who am I?
But we're all human beings.
I always let people
know, I'm a person.
I have my own issues too.
It's just that with
my ability to see,
I can piece the puzzles
together more easily.
And this is what
I'm wanting people
to do also in their lives, is
that all these synchronicities
that are happening in your
life are showing you something.
It's connecting you to something
deeper and something more
of yourself.
But a lot of people are in
that state of not wanting
to see yet their true power.
And my job from that soul
perspective is to empower them.
So most people are happy
to receive that information
and take it as a
great gift of like,
OK, I feel confident in stepping
into sacred geometry now,
or I feel confident in moving
into being a sound healer.
And I think when people come
to me or to anyone they go to,
they want to be seen and
understood and validated
for what they already know.
>>REGINA: And have
that reflected back.
Absolutely.
So are you seeing some
kind of consistency
in what blocks us
in terms of all
of these different people
coming from their own past,
their futures, their presents?
Are there patterns
that you're seeing
in terms of how
we block ourselves
from our destiny
in this lifetime?
>>CHINNIAH: This is a
really interesting topic.
The biggest thing that
I've been noticing,
especially in the
last one year, is
that when I first
began doing this work,
I noticed that people
were able to have
a successful
career, for example,
and maybe a relationship that
wasn't working out so well.
They got their pride
from their life
from one area of their life.
But the lifetimes and the realms
that I'm traveling to now,
what spirit is showing me
for all of us to consider
is that we can actually
have everything.
Sure, there's going
to be our lessons,
but it's all interconnected.
So for example, I
had a lifetime where
I was working with a client, and
I could see a hundreds of years
ago.
And she was working
in a brothel,
and she was the dance
teacher in the brothel,
teaching the women how to move
and how to entertain the men.
And then she would go home.
And I followed her into her
village where she lived.
And she had found out that
her partner, her husband
had had an affair and
transmitted to her a disease.
And when I told her this,
they even gave me the age.
She turned around and said
to me, in that lifetime,
at 47 in this lifetime,
this happened to you.
And so I said to her, at 47 in
this lifetime, what happened?
And she said, exactly that.
And so how this
correlates to the patterns
is that she's very stuck.
This person's very stuck in
stepping forward into her gifts
and what she wants to do.
But the correlation
is actually directly
to being rejected,
having resentment,
having your heart closed.
And so that needed to be
transmuted in the heart space
before she could
actually have the vision
to step forward and
progress herself.
So that's the pattern.
For everybody, it's
different, obviously,
but I'm noticing that one
cannot work without the other.
Everything is being asked
to be dealt with now.
>>REGINA: So there's a lot of
reconciliation of past life
patterns at this time.
I would think there always are.
But is it maybe even increasing
in the speed at which things are
needing to be transmuted now?
>>CHINNIAH: It's
really, really fast.
The way that spirit is
delivering this information
with such precision with the
age, the time, where you live.
When I look at the
soul map, the specifics
are hitting clients
like, oh my goodness,
that is something that is I've
experienced just recently.
But it's the unblocking,
the reconciliation of that
because we have the ability
to rewrite our stories
and look at them from a
different perspective.
And so when we access or
if you receive information
about your lifetime before,
spirit actually gave me
a really great acronym called
CAP, C-A-P. And so I said
to spirit, what's that mean?
And they said to me, well, when
we give you this information,
meaning to the client
or even to myself,
you either can change something,
you can accept something,
or you can prepare
for something more.
And you get to choose.
That's your free
will going, OK, no, I
don't want this to repeat again,
so I'm going to have to change.
And I'm noticing that
the activations that
are happening in the
heart are enabling
us to see from the heart.
So when people draw
the connection like,
oh my goodness, I
can see why I've
been afraid to step into
my healing abilities
or afraid to start this
business or change career,
it's actually directly
correlated to something else,
which is usually
they've been hurt.
They've been rejected.
They've not been seen.
There's been infidelity.
And I'm seeing a lot of that.
So if you are looking at
an issue in your life--
why am I not moving?
What's this obstacle?
Look at the other areas
that have held you back
and that's where you
want to be reconciling
and that will free you
up to move you forward.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
a very good point.
And the point you made
earlier on, which is it's
never too late.
With the woman who was
coming to her 65th birthday,
I think this is a
really critical point.
Because once you have
transformed or transmuted
learned in a lifetime,
that's learned.
It's not like you have
to come back and keep
relearning the same thing.
And if you learn at the last
minute or if you learn early on,
it doesn't matter.
The point is to learn because
now there does seem to be--
well, you talk--
we're going to talk
about a collapse in
timelines in a minute.
But let's say a perceived
speeding up as the Earth
goes through her own
refinement and is stepping up
in her own frequencies.
We got to stay with her,
or we can't stay here.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
>>REGINA: So we have to learn.
I mean, there is an urgency
that wasn't there before.
Not that it's all over.
We go somewhere else.
But if we want to
stay with Earth,
if we want to stay with her soul
tribes that we've developed,
we have to upgrade.
>>CHINNIAH: We do.
And these upgrades are very,
very accelerated right now.
And people are experiencing
these ascension symptoms.
And a lot of people have
been coming to me going,
what do we do with this?
I'm having heart palpitations.
And I'm feeling my
crown chakra tingling.
And my third eye is opening.
And these are not
comfortable feelings, Regina.
They can be very uncomfortable.
But spirit always gives me
information in layman's terms
because I'm not
trained in anything,
except it's purely innate.
And the way that I look at
it is that we're all devices.
All of us are human
devices on Earth.
And the universe, the
spirit guides, we're
connected to the motherboard.
And some of these
devices are outdated.
Some are going to expire.
Some need to be upgraded.
We're all moving
at different times.
But this is the merging and the
collapsing of the timelines.
There seems to be an
upsurgence of this
that is happening so
quickly that people
are panicking about the
feelings that they're having.
But we just need to ride
through that wave and trust that
process because we are all
here at this time for a reason.
We are greatly supported by
spirit guides, by Mother Earth,
by the universe.
And once we're through
those feelings of awakening,
you will feel the sense of
lightness and connection
that you probably realized.
We know that through anything
we perceive as bad or difficult,
there's always the light
at the end of the tunnel.
And this is this
accelerated ascension,
is that there is a light at
the end because you are light.
You are this light that is being
connected with and communicated
with the motherboard.
And we do need to
keep up with her
to keep up with all the massive
changes that are happening.
>>REGINA: Well, and just to
continue reincarnating here
if we choose to do that,
if we want to do that.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
>>REGINA: I mean, not
everybody wants to.
Maybe you want to
try something new.
Nobody's a prisoner here.
And I think that's really
important to understand.
It's all frequency.
If we don't come back here, we
can come back somewhere else.
>>CHINNIAH: And I
think a lot of people
think that Earth is the
main event for all of us.
But I've been seeing
a lot of souls coming
to me from the different
realms, a lot of energies
that are not human that are
also coming through for clients.
And there's life everywhere
in different forms
and different vibrations
and different portals.
And being grounded helps to
be able to step through them
and come back.
So it's very important
for us to do that.
But yeah, it's
absolutely happening,
and it's happening quickly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And before we go into time
and space and timelines
collapsing and so forth,
let's just take one moment
because so many people--
I'm sure people that
come to you and so
many people that I hear
from are saying, I'm done.
This is too difficult.
I'm not coming back.
It's a very common statement.
I'm done with this.
It's too hard.
I'm not coming back.
So from your perspective,
when you're looking at them,
what would you say?
>>CHINNIAH: I think that
because of the work that I do,
it's never my opinion.
It's what spirit teaches me
through what I see for clients.
I do feel that we
have a contract
as such in the number of times
that we're going to come back.
But the faster that
we learn our lessons,
Regina, the more that we
don't have to be here.
So that's why when
I get in there
and try and break a
blueprint for somebody
and hope they step forward
into that and understanding
that lesson, I mean,
I've had those moments
when I say that too.
Like, OK, I'm done here.
I don't think I'm there.
>>REGINA: I think everybody has.
But in reality, my
understanding is
there's a great deal that
can be done here compared
to many other places
where there are far
few opportunities
for learning, where
everything happens more slowly.
There are beings waiting
to incarnate here
for the opportunity
that this place offers.
>>CHINNIAH: I know.
And, I mean, life
can be beautiful
if we perceive it that way.
And I just feel like--
someone said to me recently,
how would we know what chocolate
tasted like if we didn't
come to Earth to taste it?
And I feel like we're here to
have this tactile experience
with one another and
remember each other
and hold space for each other.
And I think that enjoying
the period of time
that we can while
we're here prepares us
for the next lifetime
if we are coming back
and if we choose to come back.
But as you mentioned, the
souls that are coming in,
they know exactly why
they're coming in.
I would say that
I was probably one
of those floundering
around going,
oh god, what am I meant to do?
Am I meant to be
this corporate girl?
Am I meant to be this healer?
But the ones that are
coming in know exactly what
they're coming for.
We're not going to need
to be teaching them
what they need to be doing.
>>REGINA: I'm hearing this
from quite a few people.
>>CHINNIAH: They'll
be teaching us.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that
because that does have to
do with the nature of time.
Some people even perceive
that these beings are beings
from the future, for example.
So let's talk about that,
that have come clear
of purpose and directive and
what they're here to help
do in ushering Earth's
people, in humanity forward.
Earth is fine, but
ushering humanity forward.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah.
And I do feel that a lot
of them have had future--
They're in future
realms knowing what
we need so that's why
they're coming back in time.
>>REGINA: Yes, so
let's talk about that.
>>CHINNIAH: They're
coming back in time
to be able to guide us forward.
So there's actually
nothing to fear.
And I feel like--
and as humans, we get
into that fear space
because we're being told to
be afraid by of certain things
and not to trust ourselves
and to be disconnected.
I mean, there's been more
changes in the last 100 years
than there has been in
the last 100,000 years.
>>REGINA: And we wonder
why we're overwhelmed.
>>CHINNIAH: Exactly.
And also just so disconnected.
And so the beings that are
coming through the souls that
come-- because I see
lights coming into the body
when someone's
going to conceive.
And I see them leaving
when perhaps there's
going to be a loss because that
child's not ready to come in
or preparing the mother
or whatever it is.
But there are beings
coming from the future that
will be guiding
us into the light
even further, where we
won't be floundering
for such long periods of time
and not being so disconnected
and really embrace
the Earth journey
rather than being
here not knowing
what their sole purpose is.
And there's many people
like that, Regina,
who are here on Earth that are
still trying to find their feet.
But we are being guided.
I'm being guided
every day as you are.
It's just about
opening yourself up
to that heart receptivity
to actually-- spirit
showed me this.
And you can visualize
this heart open--
this eye opening up
within your heart.
They tell me, see
from your heart.
You're not seeing from
your mind anymore.
You're seeing from your heart.
And when you start training
yourself to do that,
you start being able to
perceive certain things
for the future, who's coming.
A lot of the people
that I see, they've
already got an inkling
about the type of child
that they're getting.
And then I'm there just
to connect the dots of,
why did they choose you?
>>REGINA: And this is one
of those things that I
don't-- it's not commonly known,
but I do this for people before
the baby's born.
And I'll talk with the entity
and help the parent understand
what they're here for.
And the entity is
very clear what
they're here for at that time.
However, I've watched, over the
years, some of these entities
who were born grow up.
And this is what's interesting.
The clarity is there
certainly before birth.
Then you come into the vehicle.
That's right.
And then you're exposed to
every type of programming
there is in the world.
And so this, to me,
becomes a real issue
of having parents more awake and
conscious and aware so that when
that child is doing certain
things when they're little,
you can already see their
passions and proclivities.
And you don't try
to stomp it out
to have them fit in
this world because I've
noticed some people went off
the path that they intended.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
And that's the people
that I end up seeing,
the people who are like,
I've trained to do this,
but that's not really
what I want to do.
The number of people
that I'm seeing
is in the collective who
are not happy with what
they're doing and wanting to
step out and do something else.
The guidance around that from
spirit has been, just do it.
You don't need to give
up what you're doing now
but step into what
your true passions are.
You don't have to turn
everything into something.
Some people--
>>REGINA: It's not
all or nothing.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
It's not all or nothing.
This is why spirit's
been saying to me,
you can have it all, Gaia.
Just step into it.
Keep stepping forward.
And so yes, we all came in
with certain amount of clarity.
And then through our social
conditioning and what
the world tells us who we are--
>>REGINA: We lose it.
And it's really to the
parents to preserve that,
to be aware and watch, notice
what the genius in each
of these little people
that we bring in the world
and encourage it.
>>CHINNIAH: Yes, encourage it.
A lot of people will be
seeking out scans and things
at the beginning.
But like you know,
this information
about the core information
of where your soul is
coming from, this child's soul,
and being able to, like you say,
preserve that, cultivate
that, see that child,
see that light and that
child for who it is
and what it's here for and how
you're going to support that,
you're going to have a happier
human later on and one that's
not going to be holding
any resentment towards you
or feeling rejected or
needing validation, which
has been the issues that
a lot of the practitioners
are dealing with at the moment.
>>REGINA: We talked
about this a moment ago.
Let's go through collapsing
timelines and portals
and tell us how that works.
>>CHINNIAH: So what spirit's
been showing me is that--
and this is a simple
thing for a lot of people
to try and visualize at home.
We have to believe that
the portals are there.
I mean, I see them
through my third eye.
And because the portals of the
heart chakra and the third eye
and the crown chakra, the higher
portals that are opening up,
we can actually
step through these
to be able to awaken further.
Portals open up for me at
certain times of the year.
I find that around
equinox period of time,
there are portals that
open up that we are being
asked to step through, which
enables us to travel and come
back.
>>REGINA: In time.
>>CHINNIAH: In time.
And this is what I do
on a day-to-day basis,
is travel through time
and then come back.
I can often feel nauseous
when I've traveled
and come back because I'm like,
OK, I'm back on Earth again.
But the collapsing and
the merging of timelines
is that it's happening
a lot quicker.
It's happening a lot quicker.
And there's more pressing
issues to deal with now
because when I first
started doing this work,
spirit would bring
up lifetimes that
were interesting to
the client but not such
a pressing issue that's being
needed to be dealt with now.
And so there's this--
>>REGINA: 10-minute
urgency that's happening.
>>CHINNIAH: There's an urgency.
Spirit actually said to me,
people always focus on the how
and the when, but what they
should be focusing on is the now
and the then, meaning how far
we've come, what we've learnt,
what we've changed.
Whether it's in this
lifetime or not,
we can still track and
measure how far we've come,
not living in the past but
using that as a catalyst to be
able to move into the future.
Because often people focus on,
how is that going to happen?
When is that going to happen?
Those are the worst
questions to ask a medium--
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly.
>>CHINNIAH: Because
there is no time.
>>REGINA: There is no time.
Yeah.
And the more
>>CHINNIAH: And spirits
very clever in how
they deliver this
information to us.
If we hold on to
the timing, it's
not going to happen
in that time frame.
And so with these portals, it's
like as we step forward and come
back, we're getting those
upgrades and the ability
to travel and understand
ourselves and use
that information.
But it's the
pressing issues that
are coming up now,
as I mentioned,
rejection, abandonment--
>>REGINA: That's human.
>>CHINNIAH: That's human.
>>REGINA: It seems
that most people have
some element of abandonment
just because of the nature
of how humanity has come to be.
>>CHINNIAH: Exactly.
And that's where accessing the
portals are amazing because you
go and you get insight
and then you come back
and you have the soul
perspective of nothing
is good or bad.
Everything is an experience.
What is it for?
What is it teaching me?
How am I going to use that
as part of my soul purpose?
How am I progressing
from this information,
not holding me back?
Am I going to change?
Am I going to accept?
Or am I going to prepare
for something more?
These portals are opening
up to help us remember.
So if you're currently
experiencing these
or have this feeling that there
is a portal opening up for you,
your spirit guides will support
you in stepping in and out.
But they're usually
equinox times for me
for whatever reason.
I will start feeling heart
activations going on.
And I have a spirit
guide named Makursha.
He will often drop these
webs of light in front of me,
asking me to step forward into
the light and then step back.
So this is the merge.
It's all just speeding up.
It's no more, we've
got a lot of time.
It's like we need to do this now
in order to fulfill our life's
experiences here.
>>REGINA: So even though
we were talking also
earlier on about how
everything is actually,
it's happening right now.
Our consciousness,
our moment is now.
Are there times when
you're speaking with people
that you're being
shown that you need
to start evolving
this part of yourself
now because in your
next incarnation or two
incarnations from now, this is
really going to be called upon?
Are you seeing more of this?
Maybe give us an example.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah, absolutely.
So I live in New Zealand, and
the Indigenous people there
are the Maori.
And whenever I see a
client of Maori heritage,
they are very, very--
anyone of Indigenous heritage,
whether they know it or not,
they're very, very
connected spiritually.
And I see that because
my room will just
start filling up with ancestors
and spirit guides more so
than the average person.
And I recently had a
client, a beautiful woman.
And I remember her
because of her story.
And I had a spirit come through.
And it was a Maori gentleman.
And I said to the client,
are you of Maori heritage?
And she said, yeah, I am.
I said, OK.
And I was told that
she had two fathers.
So I said to her, have
you got two fathers?
She said, I do.
So I was trying
to piece together
the puzzle, what's going on.
And so I saw a couple
of lifetimes for her
in the future where
she's fully stepped
into her Indigenous powers.
But right now, she
was of mixed heritage,
Maori father, European mother.
And she's feeling
really stuck around what
she's meant to be doing
with her healing abilities
because I could
immediately feel I've
got a healer in front of me,
regardless of what she's doing.
So I told her this.
And what spirit started telling
me is that she's not connected
to her Maori heritage,
and therefore, she
hasn't taken the acronym
CAP of accepting who she is.
And so I questioned her
about this a little bit more.
And she said, well, I don't know
my Maori side of the family.
She said, I believe
I'm born from incest.
And so nobody talked to me
about that side of the family.
And so then the spirit
that was there of her,
the biological
father was saying,
so I'm here to help
her heal, to connect
with that side of the culture
so that in this lifetime,
she can start stepping forward.
But in the future
lifetime, she can fully
embrace her powers of just
coming in as a Maori healer
and being able to embrace that.
So this is the familial,
ancestral healing
that's happening through spirits
that are coming through that--
you may not know.
This is her father.
She did not know him,
never seen him before,
but that acceptance
of who you are.
Even I went through
that, Regina.
I'm of Sri Lankan descent.
I lived in New Zealand.
I was the only colored
person at school.
There was this disassociation
from who I was.
And then once 33 came, it was
like, I have to accept who I am.
I have to accept-- if I'm going
to be helping people accept who
they are, I have
to accept that this
is the package I've come in.
And so, yes, that
is happening also.
I always let clients
know, when you
have this type of
healing and information,
it is preparing you for future
lifetimes but also this future
as well because this
is the one that we're
more conscious of having.
So it's really interesting
and exciting time
for healers stepping up.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it really is
because, well, first of all,
we all need healing ourselves.
And we could all use
the help of each other
that have these capacities.
And it is interesting because as
I noticed as I interview people
and we go along, it's
being called upon for us
to remember the nature
of our ability to heal.
So as with this woman, as
you're saying, to bring back
her Indigenous ways
of healing will be
very important in the future.
>>CHINNIAH: Absolutely.
Because that connection--
as you say, all of us
healers, mediums, we all see
things from our perspective.
We're given information
in different ways.
And those of us who are all
aligned, every person you go to
will be giving you
similar type of thing
but in a different
way so you can build
that piece of your puzzle.
But we are being asked to
remember because a lot of people
know they somewhat
have this desire
to step into their healing,
but they don't know what it is.
So they're accumulating
a lot of information
from everywhere else.
>>REGINA: It's nice to
know your direction.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
>>REGINA: And then you can
really own it and develop it.
>>CHINNIAH: Yeah, but spirits
really encouraging us now,
you've already got
that information.
For me, I just have to trust
that what comes out of my mouth
and the healing that happens
is what the client needs.
And it always is.
But if I start overthinking
it and anybody else
starts overthinking,
like can I do this?
Is this right?
We're going to get in
the way of ourselves.
>>REGINA: And with her,
it was already in her,
and she just has to
accept and develop it now.
>>CHINNIAH: And
accepting the heritage
because this is the part
of the soul mapping.
We come in these
packages for a reason
and come from the
cultures for a reason.
And it gives us our own edge
as well in this lifetime
to be able to step
forward into why we've
chosen to come in this package.
>>REGINA: Well,
speaking of packages,
some people that
are coming through
and entities that are coming
through are not of this realm.
So there's more hybrid
activity happening now
than has probably happened since
very, very, very ancient times.
So let's talk about what
you're seeing and experiencing
with more hybrid entities,
including hybrid people.
>>CHINNIAH: This
last one year, I
have been seeing
so many clients.
They'll come online.
And I'll be like, right,
I've got a spirit guide here
for you that is not
of a human embodiment.
This person is an
extraterrestrial,
or this being is an
extraterrestrial.
And then I'll move to these
realms and spirits taking me up
and I'm on another planet.
And I'm seeing the
interactions between the client
and this guide that
is there for them.
And I'll be telling them this.
And the clients usually
will come back to me saying,
oh my goodness, I have joined
every extraterrestrial group
there is.
And I feel like I've got
them communicating with you.
They really do.
It's something that I don't
logically know a lot about,
but I've been experiencing
it through clients.
I'm always quite
naive in my sessions
with people because
I like to come
from that place
of pure curiosity
and also learning myself is
when I see these hybrid beings.
You can even see it in
their physical eyes.
There's something
different about them.
They have a different
perspective of the world.
They sometimes find it that
they isolate themselves a lot
because they're finding
it hard to integrate
or they're finding it very
difficult to have relationships.
And so these key
telltale signs--
sorry-- that they
are hybrids or they
have very few human incarnations
and they're now trying
to be here going, what do I do?
But you still have those
beings communicating with you.
I feel extraterrestrials
around me.
They work around me.
But I don't know them
familiar enough for myself.
But through people, I've been
taken to different realms
so much recently.
And when I bring it
up with the client,
I know exactly what
you're talking about.
Thank you for validating
that I'm not crazy.
I felt like I had an alien
abduction when I was eight.
And I'll be picking
that up because spirit
will tell me, tell them
when they were eight,
they've had something put
into their shoulder that
is enabling them
to receive guidance
from these extraterrestrials.
So there are hybrids.
I don't see too many hybrids.
There's been a handful out of
all of the people I've seen.
But there are people
that are being
guided by these
extraterrestrials
and other beings.
So I feel for the future, there
will be quite a few hybrids.
>>REGINA: Yeah, this one
woman that I've interviewed
a few times, Dr. Linda Backman.
This is her gig, is
people come to her
who feel like they're
not really from here.
And it seems to be
that the being will
incarnate into physical form.
So they're bringing
forward the knowledge
and whatever the directive
is from where they're from.
And they're keeping
their associations
with their home people,
with their people who
continue to guide them as well.
And this is how you're
experiencing it.
And of course, they
would feel somewhat lost
and floundering around here.
Our social structure can
look somewhat chaotic,
I'm sure, from
another point of view.
>>CHINNIAH: And I think
what was interesting for me
when I started
experiencing these beings,
because it's not something
I naturally know about,
it's they do come in with
a lot of benevolence.
And they come in to help.
>>REGINA: To help.
They're almost
always here to help.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
And so that for me
was a revelation
because I didn't know because
I was only communicating mostly
with human spirits
and the person's soul.
But I just realized, wow, these
beings, they know so much.
They can be everywhere
all at once.
They know what's going
on within the body.
They can test our
blood without even--
because I can feel
that sometimes.
And I'm like, here we go.
Someone's taking
my blood right now.
But I know it's not maleficent.
It's a benevolent thing
to help and help us
merging these timelines
and upgrade with Earth.
And so I think it's an
exciting thing and nothing
to be afraid of,
especially when you're
supported by the right people
and you trust in your guides.
But there is a lot of that.
So I'm really glad that
we're talking about this.
>>REGINA.
Yeah, it's not talked
about as often.
So again, I keep going back
to this notion of time.
So if we're looking at this, we
talked a little bit off camera
because we were going to be
talking about merging timelines
and that is the notion that
there is for everything that
exists, it exists almost in its
opposite form, positive time,
negative time.
That doesn't mean good
time, bad time, just
positive and negative,
complementing one another.
And Dr. Manjir
Samanta-Laughton has
done a lot of work on these
positive negative timelines,
which is very interesting
because you've dealt with them,
is when you say,
but wait a minute.
But if it's already
happened, where's
my decision making capability?
So let's talk about
how you interface
with this notion of reflective
positive-negative time.
>>CHINNIAH: When I time
travel and I'm bringing up
lifetimes with people and
then they're saying to me,
that's happening to me now.
Or they'll say to me, I booked
in with you a couple of months
ago, but what you're bringing
up only happened last week.
So the timing was perfect, and
it was meant to be that way.
The positive and the negative
in the way that I experience it
is that when people acknowledge
what that pattern is,
they're able to break
that and change, accept,
or prepare for something else.
But I think when someone is
stuck in the rut of not knowing
that this is actually
happening in another realm
or this is happening
in the future,
it's happening in the past,
they seem to think it's a very--
and I would have to if I didn't
know this work from doing it
every day.
It's an isolated
incident, but it's not.
It's something that's coming
up for you to make that change.
So when I experience it--
because the souls of
that person that you're
playing and, say, 1544
turns around and says to me,
tell her she's
experiencing this now.
She's going to
validate that to you.
And she'll go, that is
what is happening now.
And so it's like,
OK, well, we need
to talk to this being
this part of you
that you're a fragment of.
Still, this is why you
haven't let her go yet.
So I will quickly get to
what the issue is, and then I
can feel the energy
transmuting, and then,
OK, that lessons learned.
So now you've got
to move forward,
keeping an eye that
you're not going
to be repeating that anymore.
So this is where the element
of free will comes in.
I get triggers too, Regina,
things happen in my own life,
I'm going, OK, how am I
going to deal with this?
Do I want to go back
to the way I was,
or do I want to go
I've moved past this?
And I know they come in for
that, and we all get that.
But that's how I know it's when
we're doing things differently,
that that other
positive-negative lifetime is
moving aside, and we're
pushing forward from that.
That's the exciting thing
about rewriting these timelines
to a certain degree.
When the person acknowledges or
is acknowledged and understand,
this is not just
happening to me now.
I had this amazing
situation where--
and this is again,
the timeline thing,
a healing between the timelines.
Client came to me.
I traveled to a lifetime.
I said to her, you
always have a baby.
It's a boy.
And I said, but
the weird thing is
that you're showing me this
baby and he's not breathing.
And the client's looking at me.
And I said, now you're
time traveling me
to a lifetime before that.
And I said, your father
in this lifetime is here.
And he's telling me that I gave
birth to a stillborn daughter,
but she didn't make it.
Then spirit jumps me to the
lifetime where the client is
showing me her stillborn son.
>>REGINA: Is she
the reincarnation
of the one that didn't make it
in the previous one, the mother?
>>CHINNIAH: The mother.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CHINNIAH: And also what it
was is that two hours later--
because spirit merges
the timeline for me--
this baby comes alive.
>>REGINA: So she gives birth
to a stillborn who is--
>>CHINNIAH: Not breathing.
>>REGINA: Who's not
breathing for two hours.
>>CHINNIAH: For two hours,
>>REGINA: And is
clinically dead.
>>CHINNIAH: Clinically dead.
And so this is a lifetime.
I can't even remember the
detail of where I was,
but I remembered the story
because it blew my mind.
But then spirit quickly jumped
me back to a different timeline
to show the father and then
having stillborn daughter
and what it was.
So I was clearing
the energy of that
and clearing the energy of this.
I said, your-- this
son, this boy that you
gave birth is a prophet.
I said, he's a prophet.
I said, he comes alive.
She's bawling her eyes
out in front of me.
She said, Gaia, she said,
I had a child, I think,
one or two years ago.
He was stillborn for two
hours, and he came alive.
And she said, get this.
She said, before my dad
met my mom and had me,
he did have a
stillborn daughter.
>>REGINA: Isn't that wild?
>>CHINNIAH: And I get
goosebumps telling you.
>>REGINA: I know.
That's an amazing story.
>>CHINNIAH: It blew my mind.
But what I realized why spirit
was giving us that information,
this is what I mean
when some people come
in as a sacrifice in some ways.
And this is the term
that spirit gave me.
It's like the father in
that previous lifetime
took the grief so for the
future version of his daughter,
she would get her
beautiful child
that she can nurture
and love and raise.
And she's actually named
that child a prophet's name.
And so it really blew my mind.
It was like-- but it's amazing
what the level of detail
that spirit is giving all of us.
We just need to pay attention.
>>REGINA: It's beautiful.
I love that story.
That's profound.
And I think it touches
everybody's heart to hear that.
And so now we have
virtually no time left.
Any final thoughts
you want to pass on
to people before we sign off?
>>CHINNIAH: I think don't
be afraid of your gifts.
Act now.
Now is the time for you
to really step up and be
who you really are
and start looking
at life through your
heart, knowing that nothing
is good or bad,
but everything is
happening for you,
for your ascension,
and for your soul progression.
>>REGINA: So don't be
afraid to speak up.
Don't be afraid to
step into the things
you're naturally inclined
to do and your heart really
wants to do.
>>CHINNIAH: That's right.
>>REGINA: Now's
the time to do it.
We don't have a lot of time
to waste this time around,
even though time doesn't exist.
>>CHINNIAH: That's
exactly right.
>>REGINA: Gaia,
thank you so much.
It's been really fun
talking with you.
I really appreciate it.
>>CHINNIAH: Thank
you for having me.
>>REGINA: To connect
more with Gaia's work,
you can go to soul33.com.
Until next time.
Thank you so much for joining
us here on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]